docs: Add "no individual boost libraries" to FAQ (#14674)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/faqs.md

## How long can I be inactive before being removed from the authorized users list?

Please, read [Inactivity and user removal section](adding_packages/README.md#inactivity-and-user-removal).

> ## Can we add package which are parts of bigger projects like Boost?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can we add packages which are part of bigger projects like Boost?
```

> Sadly no. There have been many efforts in the past and we feel it's not sustainable given the number of combinations of libraries and version. See #1466 for recent discussions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sadly no. There have been many efforts in the past and we feel it's not sustainable given the number of combinations of libraries and version. See #14660 for recent discussions.
```

> There is one main "boost" recipe which many versions maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is one main "boost" recipe with many versions maintained.
```

There are good arguments for permitting some boost libraries but we feel doing so is not fair to the rest.

### Can I add my project which I will submit to Boost?

> Yes, but make sure it does not have Boost in the same use the `author-name` convention so there's no conflicts.

Author: ```suggestion
Yes, but make sure it does not have Boost in the nam. Use the `author-name` convention so there are no conflicts.
```
